docs: fix broken references and improve contributor/developer guides (#1467)
ubuntu/authd: CONTRIBUTING.md

```shell
go generate ./pam/

> go build -o ./pam/authd-pam ./pam

Reviewer: I wonder why it said to use the tag `pam_binary_exec`. I can't find any reference to that tag in the git history of the `pam/` directory (`git log -p pam/`). The mention in the `CONTRIBUTING.md` comes from [here](https://github.com/canonical/authd/pull/412#discussion_r1664382873). Do you remember, @3v1n0?

Reviewer: @3v1n0 ping

Reviewer 2: Oh, I feel it was some leftover from my initial tests, that stuck to mi zsh history and so I always used to build the module, but it's not needed indeed.

In the past we had not the binary as it's now, so it was required to use a tag, but still not this one :)

```

> The `go generate` step produces two libraries (`./pam/pam_authd.so` and `./pam/go-exec/pam_authd_exec.so`). The `go build` step produces the executable (`./pam/authd-pam`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `go generate` step produces two PAM modules (`./pam/pam_authd.so` and `./pam/go-exec/pam_authd_exec.so`).<br/>
The `go build` step produces the PAM helper executable (`./pam/authd-pam`).
```

An automated test is executed on PRs to check if this agreement has been accepted.

authd is licensed under the [GNU Lesser General Public License v3+](COPYING.LESSER).

> 

Reviewer: We have two licenses, GPL-3 (`COPYING`) and LGPL3 (`COPYING.LESSER`). Not sure if we should mention that in the `CONTRIBUTING.md` though. Maybe just drop it.

Author: I'll drop it. Since whoever is interested can easily find this information outside of this file

Author: Done
